***************************************************1991

Info Tape 28: CARAVANS

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: CARAVANS
The Miners, 28 July 2014

One way to get some combat xp and make some caps is
to sign up for guard duty on caravan runs. The fights
can range from very easy up to nearly impossible.

Find a caravan leader at the main gate of any town.
He is an NPC wearing combat armor. Sign up and soon
you'll be earning some caps protecting the caravan.

The caravans go on pre-determined routes all over the
map from town to town, stopping at each to give you a
short break. It is highly recommended that you bring
plenty of super stims not only to heal yourself, but
also to keep the caravan NPCs in good health. The
caravan will keep going as long as the caravan leader
survives each fight.

When you reach the next town, the leader will stand
at the gate again to take on more player guards. You
will be on the map so you'll have time to drop off
your caps and get more ammo if you have some nearby.
One best practice is to have a safe place near each
town where you can drop caps after each successful
leg of a caravan run. Otherwise the caps will pile up
in your inventory and you'll lose them all when a run
goes horrible bad and the entire party is decimated.

Watch out for saboteurs. Some players will sign up to
guard a caravan and get into the party only to kill
it and loot the player characters. They can use the
distress call feature of the radios to call in their
friends too.

Also be very careful when using burst weapons during
caravan runs. If you accidentally hit one of the NPC
caravan guards, they will all start shooting at you
which brings an alternate end to your caravan guard
experience. For this reason it is advised to fire in
single-shot mode only. If you bring an NPC companion
or mercenary, for the same reason it is a good idea
to equip them with weapons that do not have a burst
mode at all. If another player brings a companion
armed with an LSW, you can expect trouble.

Now go have fun guarding caravans, and try not to
poke your eye out!

*******************************************************