***************************************************1970

Info Tape 23: LEVELING TIPS

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: LEVELING TIPS
The Miners, 27 July 2014

When you start a new character, you may be eager to
go start hunting at level 1. Before you go you should
know you will have many weapon failures with low gun
skill, under 100. You are advised to level up a few
times first on easy jobs, quests and some crafting.
You're going to need ammo anyway.

When you do go hunting, there are some popular places
and methods you should try. Please note that most
players level up in Real-Time mode and some have been
known to level from 1 to 24 in 3-6 hours in RT.

BRAHMIN HIDES
If you also need more tents and you want to combine
leveling with gathering brahmin hides, there are some
good places to do this. The area under Vault City is
good for this and there are even more brahmin near
Modoc. Use Opera's Online Encounter Finder tool to
find a place.

RAT VALLEY
Near the center of the map is a dark area with a
crater-like feature some call Rat Valley. At lower
levels, this can be a decent way to get xp as it
is loaded with all sorts of rat encounters. Don't
level too long there though because as you get
tougher, there are better places with more xp.

THEMEPARK
In the northeast is Themepark. The city ruins under
it are quite deadly but the wild areas east of
Themepark are ripe with mutated molerats.

NECROPOLIS
All around this city are numerous hostile encounters
loaded with geckos and armed ghouls. Though more
challenging, especially in RT, you can gather pelts
and dismantle gear for basic resources as you go.

DESERT CRITTERS
Now we're talkin. You want tons of xp about as fast
as xp can go? Find versus encounters where mobs of
floaters are fighting gangs of centaurs. Whenever one
of them starts to target you, pop them once and they
will often choose a different target. If not, then
run them past the others and they will. Now take out
the whole group 1 by 1. Bring some stims, some rad
meds and some antidotes!

Now get out there and get some xp!

*******************************************************







