***************************************************1867

Info Tape 02: THE RULES

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: THE RULES
The Miners, 10 Aug 2014

The rules described here are subject to change. Check
the forum for updates.

Below are some actions that are unfair and thus
illegal in this game. If you find someone breaking
any of these rules, feel free to message an Admin
in-game with this command:

 +requesthelp <and your message here>

NO MULTILOGGING
Using multilog or bypassing the relog timer in order
to gain an advantage in PvP activities is a violation
of the rules. This applies also to scouting and
looting before, during or after combat. The use of
Fast Relog has been a hotly debated topic for years.
When your character dies in a PvP fight, you are not
allowed to switch immediately to an alternate
character to return to battle quickly. You can log
out anytime but you must wait for the respawn timer
to fully expire before showing up with a different
character. Do not attempt to force your own
convenient interpretation of this rule to suit your
needs. If you are anywhere near a PvP area, you
can be expected to adhere to this rule.

BUG EXPLOITS
Do not exploit a known bug or abuse any features.
Report violations; you might get a reward if it has
not been reported yet.

HOSTILE SPEECH
Using excessive hostile speech is a violation of the
rules. Player complaints can be factored into such
judgements.

SPAMMING
Repeating the same text over and over or otherwise
hindering the in-game chat is a violation of the
rules.

NAME THEFT
Stealing nicknames or faction names will result in
removal of characters/factions.

HACKING
Stealing any user accounts or passwords both in-game
and on the forum or wiki is also a violation of the
rules. We cannot stop you from sharing your password
info but we highly advise against it.

POSSIBLE SANCTIONS
 -Warnings
 -Temporary bans
 -Permanent bans
 -Banning entire factions from participating in TC.
*******************************************************