***************************************************1949

Info Tape 27: VTDB

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: VTDB
The Miners, 24 July 2014

The VTDB feature is unique. It allows you to enable
elements of your character profile to be viewed via a
web browser. To set this up, do the following:

Open your Character Profile by pressing C. Then click
the ONLINE button at the bottom right to open the
VTDB options screen. Click ALL to enable your
complete profile to be viewed online, or only click
the items you want to be seen. Click OK. The VTDB
options screen will close.

To view your profile online, open the VTDB options
screen again and click the tiny link at the bottom
called Character page. This should open your web
browser and show you whatever portion of your profile
that you enabled.

This is a handy feature for getting help from more
experienced players. You can use the VTDB feature
to easily share your character build with others and
get helpful advice. Other players can open their
own profile and then switch to yours easily. Helpful
players can give you advice about your build like
which perks they recommend, and the advantages and
drawbacks of whatever Skills you tagged and the
optional Traits you chose, plus tips about which
weapons will combine best with your SPECIAL stats.

Joining a strong player faction to do intense PvP
fighting is a big step up in this world. Such teams
need to know their new members have proper PvP builds
and the VTDB feature is one convenient way to show
them. 

To view someone else's profile online, of course they
first need to enable it. Then you open your own and
switch to theirs by replacing your ID with their ID
in the URL. The Character ID is the last sequence of
numbers at the end of the URL.

You can get any character's ID by using Alt+Click on
that character.

Just remember to disable your VTDB options when this
feature is not needed as other players can use this
against you in combat.

Please tell others about this handy feature and of
course...be careful out there!
*******************************************************