***************************************************1983

Info Tape 12: COMMUNICATION

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: COMMUNICATION
The Miners, 01 August 2014

Many players are fans of the original Fallout 1-2 and
Fallout Tactics. For that reason, immersion is often
important as we approach the game for its quests and
PvE content. When we discover that the in-game radios
work, we often love using them and tend to avoid
out-of-game communication methods like voice chat and
IRC.

Take a poll of all the experienced players in this
game and one thing you will likely find is they agree
on the importance of using voice chat to stay
connected to other players.

Play it how you wish and explore the map solo for as
long as you like, but don't quit if you start to get
bored. Get better connected to other players instead
by using TeamSpeak. Reloaded has its own TS server so
all you need is the TS client which is free.

Find a team and get involved. The most xp players use
voice chat and even using IRC helps a lot. Exploring
the wasteland can be much more fun with a group, but
what happens when someone dies in battle? If you're
not using voice chat, then everyone loses comm with
that player and he wonders how to get back to you and
you wonder what he'll do next. Keep the info flowing
without missing a beat: use TeamSpeak.

Once your team gets to a point where you want to try
advanced PvP features like Town Control, you will
need voice chat to smoothly coordinate actions. The
enemy uses voice chat. They are coodinated. Do you
want to win? Yes, so don't plan to fail by failing to
plan. Even places like Glow are funner in a group of
well-connected teammates. Try Ares Rocket Silo as a
team and you'll be glad you have voice chat. Get the
Gunrunners mutant cave quest and voice chat is very
handy.

So many players try this game and quit. Some leave
because it's too harsh, but some leave when they get
bored of playing solo having never used voice chat or
IRC to meet anyone. Don't be a loner forever! Talk to
the rest of us and see how your game takes a big step
up!
*******************************************************



