***************************************************1974

Info Tape 11: ABOUT RADIOS

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: ABOUT RADIOS
The Miners, 01 Dec 2013

THEY WORK
The in-game radios work. They provide a way for
characters to communicate with each other from all
across the map. You can craft a radio and tune it to
any one of thousands of channels.

TRANSMIT
To talk to someone using radios, both people need a
radio tuned to the same channel. You do not need to
have the radio equipped in your hand. Type your
message into the chat bar but hold down the SHIFT
key as you press ENTER. This sends your message over
your radio. Or type /r in front of your text.

CONTROLS
Each radio has two power buttons: transmit and
receive. If you have multiple radios all set
to different channels when you send a radio message,
then your message will be sent on all of those
channels. Use the power buttons to control this.

DISTRESS SIGNAL
You can use radios to re-group with your friends when
you get separated. One player enters a random
encounter while the other player(s) remain on the
world map. First player sends signal by typing /hhere.
This puts a temporary red dot on the map for players
tuned to that channel. All radios must be in-hand for
this to work.

CAUTION
Remember that all players can listen to your radio
chatter and learn your plans if you're not careful.
If your team goes out on a group op, you should all
choose a new channel during that op. Don't use radios
for PvP. Use a voice chat program instead.

A FUN THING
Get two radios and tune both to the same channel.
Then put one on the ground behind a cactus and talk
on the other. The cactus will talk! This can be fun.
It can also be helpful to leave a few radios laying
around tuned to popular channels like zero. You will
see some conversations as you pass by.

RADIO SCANNER
You can simulate a radio scanner by arranging banks
of radios on the ground, each tuned to a different
channel. Try first just making a stack of ten radios
with channels 1 to 10 and another stack of ten with
channels 11 to 20.

*******************************************************











