***************************************************1940

Info Tape 14: DRIVERS EDUCATION

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: DRIVERS ED
The Miners, 09 Aug 2014

CHOOSING
Some vehicles move fast on the map but use more fuel
than others. Some move slow but have much more trunk
space. Some are cheaper to buy but have fewer seats
for passengers while some do not seat any passengers
at all. Consider your character's role when deciding
which vehicle to buy.

BUYING
Wherever you buy a vehicle, know that cars are prizes
to thieves who will sometimes wait for those coming
to buy them. Buy them via dialogue with T-Ray in New
Reno Garage or Todd in Junkyard. A key will appear in
your inventory. T-Ray offers some additional options
like spare keys for 1000 caps each, and the Rot Gut
Engine Upgrade which allows you to fuel your vehicle
with Rot Gut in addition to MFC and SEC. For a spare
key, move the existing key to Slot 1 and dialogue
with him again, ready with 1000 caps.

OPERATING
Using a vehicle to travel on the world map will give
you an effective maximum Outdoorsman skill, but you
can still be forced into hostile encounters. Thus it
is highly advised to drive your vehicle in Real-Time
mode in order to make quick exits before combat even
begins.

PARKING
Never park in a city or other public location like a
mine. Use your own safe network of tents or houses or
bases. Anyone can use Lockpick on your car to steal
it and raid the trunk. You can park your vehicle in
a random encounter and use the exit grid to return to
the world map on foot. Your vehicle's location will
be visible on the map for a short time so you can get
back to it. If you wait too long though, the location
becomes visible to all other players who will surely
steal it when they find it.

MAINTENANCE
Watch your fuel level and always make sure you have
more fuel in the trunk. Watch the deterioration on
your vehicle and repair it using a repair tool. You
can check both of these anytime when the vehicle is
parked by using your Science skill on the vehicle.

*******************************************************

