***************************************************1996

Info Tape 18: FIGHTER TRAINING

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: FIGHTER TRAINING
The Miners, 24 Dec 2013

To survive in the wasteland, every character needs to
know how to fight, and to survive the toughest fights
like PvP against other players in random encounters
or Town Control, but a fighter needs more than just a
good build; he needs a lot of PvP practice in combat.

Turn-Based fighting is one thing, but this game's
premium PvP features are in Real-Time. This is why
Hinkley is so important. Hinkley is the RT training
facility near Hub. Any character can go there and get
PvP combat practice for free without suffering any
loss of gear.

Without any gear at all, naked blue, you pass through
the gate to enter the Hinkley training area. Run in
and talk with the gear girl to get whatever armor and
weapons you use and enter one of the two rooms below.
Ammo will show up in your inventory when the fighting
begins. There needs to be at least one other player
there for a fight, of course. Everyone in room 1 will
be on a team fighting against everyone in room 2.

No drugs are available inside Hinkley so if your
character needs them, use them before entering the
place.

There are three fight arenas. One is the Pitt, which
is very close quarters with few obstacles. Another is
Barrels where sight and range are more important
factors. The largest arena is a makeshift urban map
with buildings, doors, walls and windows. Practice in
all three! The best players in this game have spent
hours training and honing their combat skills, and
many of those hours have been at Hinkley. Win or
lose, you gradually get better. Leave when you're
done and return as often as you like.

One of the things new players will realize at Hinkley
is they truly do need a proper build. If you keep
losing fights, it can get frustrating. Get someone
talking to get some advice about builds and the
methods they use to get best results in combat.

Hinkley is a premium feature of this game, so go
fight there often and become a skilled fighter!

*******************************************************









