***************************************************1995

Info Tape 30: SAFE NETWORK

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: SAFE NETWORK
The Miners, 24 Aug 2014

It's important to get set up with your own network of
safe places all over the map. Each player should plan
to use one of his first characters to buy a private
base and build numerous tents or Safe Houses. You'll
need safe places to park near every public location.
This includes every major town, the mines, Glow, Ares
Rocket Silo, Mariposa, Sierra, Vault 15, Junkyard,
Boneyard, Waterworks, Barter Grounds and more. Having
a safe network set up will make it easy and fast for
you to meet up with teammates for group ops. Without
it, you will be the guy who is always lagging behind
the rest of the team, trying to catch up, or needs a
ride.

As you set up tents or Safe Houses, upgrade the fire
pit to a Campfire, rename them and get a map to each
one. Drop the pile of maps in a safe place and work
on getting a private base.

The character that gets your first base should remain
the member leader there permanently so add additional
characters if you want to join other factions. You
are building a private safe network so do not share
any of these locations with anyone. You can always
share other locations with trusted friends but having
an unshared network becomes level 1 of your security
foundation.

Getting your first private base means establishing a
faction. You do not need any other players for this
and this should be your own private faction for the
purpose of storing your maps.

Once you have a base built, you should move your maps
to it and drop them on the ground in piles of ten.
Use the terminal to set access to the base by setting
it to "Allow Friends".

Now you have a great advantage. Each time you start a
new character you can simply add his name and set his
status to "Friend". When you log back into the new
character, he will see the base on his map, go there
and read all of the maps. Your new character will see
your whole network of safe places all over the map
within only a few minutes of starting!
*******************************************************