***************************************************1975

Info Tape 46: BASE SECURITY

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: BASE SECURITY
The Miners, 10 Oct 2014

MISPERCEPTIONS
There are a few different approaches to securing your
faction's bases. Typically most players assume they
must implement rigid controls to prevent thefts,
betrayals and infiltrations. The reality is there is
no way to totally prevent these things. One can use
the access level options within the faction terminal
to control who sees what, but this gets to be quite a
chore as a team grows in size.

THE EASY WAY
The easiest approach is to only use a base to satisfy
the game mecahnics for Town Control, and never use a
faction base for anything more than that. That is, do
not craft there, do not store any gear there, and do
not park any cars there. While the look of a base
calls players to use it for more, leaving it empty is
the easiest approach to security. Give thiefs nothing
to steal and nothing will get stolen there. This is a
low maintenance method that becomes more appealing
after a team invariably experiences its first base
raid by enemies. A spy got recruited and led his team
to your base, or a PK tagged one of your members and
followed him to the base, killed him and looted your
best stuff.

CONTROLLING HIDEOUT ACCESS
If you do want to try using the security features in
the base terminal, it will require that you study the
options first. There are several levels of trust:

-Invited
-Recruits
-Accepted
-Trusted
-Important

Its up to you to decide which members are in which
group, and this can become a source of irritation or
worse within the team. Which base is seen by which of
these groups can be set by the faction leader. Next,
someone has to manage promotions and demotions of
each member. Who wants to do that? It takes too much
time and effort as membership grows. Demote the
jealous guy and he throws a fit. Promote the spy and
he gets too much access, and leads a base raid.

To keep things simple, just use a single base so your
team can do TC and leave it empty.
*******************************************************



