***************************************************1995

Info Tape 101: ABOUT BUILDS

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: ABOUT BUILDS
The Miners, 29 July 2014

The most successful players in this game plan each
character build carefully before registering. It is
not uncommon that a competitive player will spend
over an hour using a planner tool until he is sure he
has a build optimal for its intended purpose. For
support characters like miners or crafters, this can
help maximize your time doing the work-related tasks
in the game. For fighter characters though, planning
an optimal build is considered to be mandatory if you
wish to be competitive in PvP. And since the entire
map is open to PvP with few exceptions, even a miner
will sometimes get into a PvP fight. It is moments
like this that you'll be glad you planned your miner
well.

PURPOSE
When you want to register a new character, decide on
his role. PvP Fighter or Support? Decide which weapon
he will use best and check the wiki about it. Compare
it to other weapons on the wiki and check the forum
for related info. You might change your mind a few
times before registering so it's best to get solid on
exactly how this next character will work.

STUDY THE PERKS
The wiki helps but it's not always up-to-date. The
in-game descriptions are not always accurate either.
The planner tools are usually very close but when you
see differences or conflicting info, it's best to get
this cleared up before you spend all that time
leveling up. Check the game forum and ask other
players for clarification.

DO THE MATH
So you want a sniper who can shoot a sniper rifle in
Sneak mode and do max criticals from max range? Do
you know what the max range is on a sniper rifle? Be
clear on your own plan. Know your Hit Chance at max
range. Know your Sight. Can you lower ST and maintain
high Hit Chance? Use the Calculator if your preferred
planner tool has one. Read about Hit Chance.

COMBAT DRUGS
Get over it. Fighters need every stat bonus they can
get and combat drugs are critical to winning fights.

More on Tape 102
*******************************************************







