***************************************************1959

Info Tape 03: CONFIG OPTIONS

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: CONFIG OPTIONS
The Miners, 20 Dec 2013

It is very important to set a few config options to
help you survive and win fights. There are two config
tools and both are in your game's main directory. One
is FO2238Config.exe and the other is FOConfig.exe

KEY BINDINGS
Above all, setting up hotkeys is the most important
config option. Add a key-bind for using stims, and
one to Reload. Set some for doing targeted shots and
set one to disable aim.

ALWAYS RUN
By default, you always walk and you must hold down
the Shift key to run. To keep up with other players,
switch this by setting "Always Run". Now you'll run
by default and only walk when you want to by holding
down the Shift key.

KEYBOARD LANGUAGE
By default, pressing Control+Shift switches the chat
language to Russian. This key combination is too
easily pressed by accident. You can avoid this by
switching this setting to Alt+Shift.

COMBAT MODES
Many new players are fans of the original Turn-Based
Fallout games. Due to this familiarity, most new
players start playing in TB mode. However, the
primary features here are in Real-Time. How you
set your default Combat Mode is up to you but the
sooner you start getting skilled in RT mode, the
better. It is also recommended to be in RT mode
whenever you drive vehicles so you can quickly
escape forced encounters.

AMMO AMOUNTS
Many players prefer to see ammo indicators as both
lines and numbers.

DAMAGE INDICATOR
Adjust the time delay for longer or shorter display
of damage overhead. Set properly, you will see how
much damage is being done as targets are hit.

FULL SCREEN
Town Control and most other PvP is highly competitive
and in RT only. Every advantage is used to optimize
combat success. RT in windowed mode is considered to
be a big mistake by most players. Full-Screen mode is
thus the standard during PvP in order to avoid
mis-clicking outside of a windowed session, which
will usually result in combat disaster.

*******************************************************






