***************************************************1713

Info Tape 42: FACTION MEMBERS

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: FACTION MEMBERS
The Miners, 10 Oct 2014

WHAT IT MEANS
What does it mean exactly, to be a member of a player
faction in this world? All it really means is that a
player has a character joined to a faction base. What
that does is mainly just a few things:

-Makes that character part of a team's NameColorizing
-That character will count in Town control mechanics

Mechanically, that's really it. Players often impose
expectations beyond that though so find out from them
what else it means to them to be part of their team.

Each character can only be a member of one faction at
a time, and this includes NPC factions like Enclave.

Players are not members of factions. Only characters
can be, so theoretically a player can work with more
than one faction. Having characters in multiple teams
can be tricky though if two teams become enemies, so
some factions expect all of their members to be tied
exclusively with their faction only. Inform your team
in cases where you wish to have characters in other
factions. Allies factions should have no problem with
this...as long as diplomatic relations hold.

MISPERCEPTIONS
One common misperception is that a character must be
added to a base to be a member of a team. While it is
true that this is necessary to satisfy the mechanics
of the game, characters only need to be added to a
base in order to participate in Town Control. There
is simply no need to add names to bases otherwise. If
you are joining a faction and they do not add you to
a base just yet, your team is probably just being
cautious about giving new recruits access to bases.

Check your faction affilations anytime in-game by
typing this command in the chat bar: ~factioninfo
*******************************************************