***************************************************1977

Info Tape 102: BUILD ADVICE

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: BUILD ADVICE
The Miners, 29 July 2014

Build mechanics often force you to choose between
speed and accuracy, or between high damage or damage
resistance, or between Hit Points and doing critical
hits on enemies. It is only when you plan carefully
that you will get a combination you feel worthy. Even
then other players will scoff at your decisions when
planning builds. Plan, test, and see.

ACTION POINTS
High Action Points are considered mandatory for just
about every build including support characters. So
consider a miner: he is headed to the mine to work
and he will be hammering on rocks over and over and
over on over. The more AP he has, the faster he can
do this mundane task. Go with Agility 10 and 2 Action
Boys, take Jet and use +1 AP light armor with bonus
Carry Weight and bring a mule animal. He will be the
fastest miner in Junktown with 15 AP! Register ST 7
and take Buffout and Psycho for max ST and CW. PE 1
works fine for a miner whose combat skill can be fist
fighting since his ST is so high. The Heavy Handed
Trait means he does max knockdowns when someone
tries to mess with him in the mine. EN 10 for high
Hit Points.

Now consider a Town Control fighter extreme PvP build
like a minigun tank. Action Points matter to him too
as firing a minigun takes more AP than most other
weapons but Action Boys might not be part of his plan
if you intend to dish out max damage with the right
perks. Tanks also usually need to be as tough as
possible since they represent your team's front lines
and end up taking more hits. He needs to shoot fast
so Bonus Rate of Fire is important. BRoF might in
fact be the most popular perk of all. EN 10 for high
HP.

The higher your AP, the faster your AP recharges in
Real-Time. Shooting the first time is easy but will
you get a chance to shoot twice? Jet gives you 2 AP
but it drops your DR by 15. Ouch! Can you get good
enough to fight that way? Practice at Hinkley!

More on Tape 103
*******************************************************







