***************************************************1994

Info Tape 01: BRUTALITY WARNING

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: BRUTALITY WARNING
The Miners, 20 Dec 2013

Welcome, wastelander. You have chosen a brutal game.

The environment is meant to be harsh. You may say it
is too much but some players like the game this way.
Very bad behavior is allowed to thrive, making it
tough for new players to succeed. Many players have
quit due to the brutality in this game.

But hang in there! Are you a man or are you a mouse?
We invite you to dig in your heels and fight against
murderers and other tyrants. Will you help others? Or
will you descend to the level of the thugs who ruin
the game for countless fallen soldiers? It is up to
you, but you'll only find a place in this world by
standing back up, brushing the dirt off your blue
shirt, getting some fresh gear and jumping back into
the game.

Use F3 to capture screenshots of notable moments. Use
the Z key and your mouse wheel to zoom in and out.

It is also recommended that you use the green and red
marking options to designate friends and enemies.
Drag down the menu over any character and you'll see
two at the bottom that include a halo and devil horns.

People will steal from you. They will lie. PKs will
kill you even in guarded towns. Watch out when someone
walks up close. Bombs can be planted in your pockets.
The theft animation is the exact same as healing so be
careful. Buying and selling with other players is
risky too as there is often little to stop people from
killing you and taking your caps and gear. If you have
a faction, you'll get some members sometimes who steal
stuff, betray your team, or accidentally lead unknown
thieves to bases. When traveling on the map, always
watch to see who is following you.

Most new characters die a lot at lower levels, and
you could quit and play an easier game. But as you
fall asleep tonight in your comfy warm bed, you might
wish for a chance to come back to this game, wipe the
blood off your face, get some fresh gear and go hunt
down your enemies to bring them to justice!

*******************************************************






