***************************************************1965

Info Tape 07: SKILL BOOKS

*******************************************************

Information on Tape: SKILL BOOKS
The Miners, 20 Feb 2014

There are books in the wasteland and while some of
them are merely collector's items, others permanently
boost certain skills by 6 Skill Points each, with a
limit of 10 of each book, max 40 total per character.
You can find them in random footlockers or buy them
at the Hub Bookstore, or at the Boneyard Library:

Permanently boost Science skill by reading up to 10
Big Books of Science, 2000 caps each

Permanently boost Repair skill by reading up to 10
Dean's Electronics, 1200 caps each

Permanently boost Outdoorsman skill by reading up to
10 Scout Handbooks, 1500 caps each

Permanently boost Barter skill by reading up to 10
Tales of a Junktown Jerky Vendor, 2500 caps each

It thus costs 72k caps to buy all 40 books, 10 of
each, if you want a new character to have them all
and you don't have any and you're in a hurry.

It's best to make use of these as early as possible
when starting any new character, especially if you
plan to get the Educated perk (requires Intelligence
8). Getting Repair or Science up to 50 will allow
training in some professions. Professional training
allows a character to craft better gear. This earns
valuable xp too so crafting is a popular way to level
up. Having higher Barter skill means a character's
trade window stays open longer and might mean better
prices. Having higher Outdoorsman means smoother
traveling on the world map. Any starting character
can get the Gecko Skinning support perk at level 1 by
reading enough Scout Handbooks.

Whether you find them in random lockers amongst city
ruins in the wasteland, or buy them for caps, plan to
use skill books to help survive as you travel. If you
do hunt for books in lockers, you'll need some good
Lockpick skill since these lockers are always locked.

Other books include Cat's Paw Magazine, The Lavender
Flower, Guns and Bullets, Chemistry Journals, and
First Aid Books, but these do not affect any skills.

*******************************************************